Doc fixes (#15)
pulumi/pulumi-junipermist: docs/installation-configuration.md

---
title: Juniper Mist Provider Installation & Configuration
meta_desc: Provides an overview on how to configure the Pulumi Juniper Mist Provider.
layout: package
---

## Installation

> The junipermist provider is available as a package in all Pulumi languages:

Reviewer: I think this should actually be in "English" (since the non-english name varies in each language) ... so, Juniper Mist seems more appropriate.

Note also that Zach also submitted a partial fix for some of this stuff below ...

Author: Sounds good. I can make that change. 

Zach's fix was directly to the registry; these are the source files that are used to update the registry on pulbish

Reviewer: There are also some grammatical "errors" in the file (not in this PR) ... for example:

This version is supporting the following Mist Clouds:

should be

This version supports the following Mist Clouds:

so if we can give a more careful review and fix everything in one go, that would be lovely!

> The junipermist provider is available as a package in all Pulumi languages:

Author: ```suggestion
The Juniper Mist provider is available as a package in all Pulumi languages:
```
